Add HeaderContentTemplate feature and update DataGrid section. (#586)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/datagrid/grouping/overview.md

The DataGrid Grouping UI is enabled by design on desktop and disabled on mobile, it allows the user to group the DataGrid by dragging and dropping the column headers to the `DataGridGroupingPanel`. 

> The UI is represented by the `DataGridGroupingPanel`. The panel is part of the DataGrid and it`s visualized at the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI is represented by the `DataGridGroupingPanel`. The panel is part of the DataGrid and it's visualized at the top.
```
